Revised "Verify your email address" [HC-1487] (#346)
arduino/help-center-content: content/About Arduino/My Arduino Account/Verify-your-email-address.md

---
title: "Verify your email address"
id: 360016822039
---

After completing the registration process, you should automatically receive a confirmation email in your inbox. It's an important step to finalize your account setup. If for some reason you haven't received the confirmation email, follow these steps to resend the email and complete the verification process.

## Re-send verification email

1. Sign in to your [Arduino account](https://www.arduino.cc/) in the top right corner.

1. Look for a dialog box at the bottom of the screen with the text "Please follow the instructions on the email we sent you to activate your account". Click **Resend email**

    ![Resend mail dialog](img/resend-email-dialog.png)

1. Open your email inbox and look for an email from **auth@arduino.cc** with the subject "Verify your email".

1. Open the email and click the **Confirm Now** button to complete the account registration.

## If you haven't received the confirmation email

> If you still haven't received the confirmation email, please [contact us](https://www.arduino.cc/en/contact-us).

Reviewer: Check spam folder?

> If you haven't received the confirmation email yet, please check your spam folder. Alternatively, you can [contact us](https://www.arduino.cc/en/contact-us) for further assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps:

1. Make sure you're checking the correct email inbox.

2. Check your spam folder.

3. [Contact us](https://www.arduino.cc/en/contact-us) for further assistance.
```
